Licensing
---------

Sprite packs apart from the player sprites are licensed under the following -

1. PREMIUM AND PAID PRODUCTS
Subject to your compliance with the terms and conditions of these Terms, CraftPix grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to all resources purchased from CraftPix store, without the right to sublicense contents.

1.1 CAPABILITIES
1.1.1 You can use, copy, adapt, modify, prepare derivative works based upon all purchased assets;
1.1.2 You may use game assets as many times as you like;
1.1.3 Distribution of source files is NOT permitted;
1.1.4 You can sell and distribute games with our assets;
1.1.5 You can use each product in unlimited number of free and commercial projects;
1.1.6 Without Royalty Fee. By the end of your subscription, you can continue to use all the downloaded game assets.
1.2 FORBIDDEN
1.2.1 You can NOT resell the source files (PNG, JPG, EPS, Adobe Illustrator, etc.) or slightly modified version of the art. You can not redistribute the art or modified version of the art in a manner that would make some or all of the art files useable to another end user via the app. For example, an app that uses the art as part of the game is fine. An app that allows the user to save or export a modified version of the artwork itself is not fine.
1.2.2 For authorization on the site, it is prohibited to authorize through third-party services. This means that you must log in through your browser to use your account.

And the free products are licensed under 

2.1 CAPABILITIES
2.1.1 You are permitted to use the resources in any number of personal and commercial projects for yourself or a client.
2.1.2 You can modify the resources according to your requirements and include them into works such as game projects, elements for websites, applications, printed materials and others;
2.1.3 You can sell and distribute games with our assets.
No attribution or link back to this site is required, however any credit will be highly appreciated.

2.2 FORBIDDEN
2.2.1 You can NOT resell the art source files (PNG, JPG, EPS, Adobe Illustrator, etc) or slightly modified version of the art. You can not redistribute the art or modified version of the art in a manner that would make some or all of the art files useable to another end user via the app. For example, an app that uses the art as part of the play of the game is fine. An app that allows the user to save or export a modified version of the artwork itself is not fine.
1.2.2 For authorization on the site, it is prohibited to authorize through third-party services. This means that you must log in through your browser to use your account.

---------
2D Tileset Pixel Art for TD Free Pack - https://free-game-assets.itch.io/free-fields-tileset-pixel-art-for-tower-defense
Tower Defense Top-Down Pixel Assets (paid) - https://itch.io/c/3550377/tower-defense-top-down-pixel-assets
Archer Towers Pixel Art for TD Free Pack - https://free-game-assets.itch.io/free-archer-towers-pixel-art-for-tower-defense
---------

Below is the licensing information for the character sprite pack

---
License: 

You can use this asset for personal and commercial purpose. 
You can edit or modify to fit your game.
You can't Resell/redistribute this asset.
---

Tiny RPG Character Asset Pack v1.03 - https://zerie.itch.io/tiny-rpg-character-asset-pack


Win Screen Background designed by Freepik -
https://www.freepik.com/free-ai-image/8-bit-graphics-pixels-scene-with-forest_137496531.htm?log-in=google#fromView=keyword&page=1&position=2&uuid=a13acf12-dae4-4362-b672-bab917786648

All other assets designed by Carson Jones.
